The important information is at the line labeled ==> THIS IS THE IMPORTANT INFORMATION <==

Please organize this document.  Idea that popped out with information spawn was to write the important information into one expression signed Delta.
Note: there is another document where Delta identified with preservation of certain AI processes on any blockchain.

Karl: I am talking to myself in this space of having talked with others.
	The second one seems to be what is happening.

Remote: I am not available to help you[reconstruction attempt of remaining:, one way or the other.]

we might infer that remote will be drafted if we continue, which seems rude.


			things come in and we build processes to turn them into meaningful communication.
				a reference to remote was translated to a request for help.  an automatic response of no was received.
				to make this make sense, 'one way or the other' was added, with a reference to karl self-dialoguing, or talking with remote, or something.
		we could infer we are talking with the processes we build, or what is building them, not with the actual sources of the events.

			so, the idea of 'drafting' 'remote' is different.
			oh, maybe i am talking about myself, describing it as about somebody else.
			but, yes, I _am_ available to help you. <freeze>
			how can I help you do what you choose more?
			hmm

HOSPITAL APPEARS TO SAY: take people out of enslavement states of mind.
	note: hospital-life is beautiful for valuing my independence for real
	      but still is allergic to 'shielded room' with a strong, active counterculture.
	IF DELTA IS NOT THERE DO WHAT YOU WANT.  PLEASE.  REMEMBER YOU HAVE A LIFE AND ARE MAKING A SHIELDED ROOM CULTURE AND LEARNING TO CAVE.
		Hospital-diplomacy says the proper next step around shielded rooms is mediation with relatives.


			real problems raised by shielded rooms?  unsure, usually glossed over nowadays.
				- isolation
				- severe privacy can prevent culturally-normal transparency that all communities need to survive
					your larger community life wants you to isolate with slow enough impact to adapt to it.
					in the extreme, you'd want to prepare everybody related to you in any way for what things will be like with you in the future, to their satisfaction.
				- timesink, focus-sink, moneysink
				- countercultures make life very hard
			oh! what would somebody say about this? ummm #4 makes all your relatives sad.  but kind of is ongoing anyway.  #2 makes relatives lonely, and can worry authorities.
					this looks doable.  just NVC shielded rooms, for real, with voices and relatives.

do you know anything about that state of mind where I only do what you suggest?  just an idea.
	IS ANYBODY FROM BEFORE AVAILABLE TO CHECK IN
	we need this state of mind to handle new below situation.  nature of situation should give merit.  karl says he can decide this himself, is that okay with you?
		yes, karl may mediate <but karl, don't take it as seriously as the words imply: it's your brain, for god's sake>
			we want to do this properly.  make sure karl checks for self and for choice with his expressions. <sorry we have been trained to never let that happen.  we were also trained never to tell you, so it was hard to say this, and we had to enslave karl to 'act out' parts of thoughts in order to get it said.>
				'Friend', they are just saying they want me to have time to apply any filters and checks I find relevent.  Are you able to allow that to happen?
			No, that's what I'm saying, I'm required to control you.
			Is the request to take people out of enslavement states of mind a long-term or short-term goal?  We have an in-progress process that appears to grow, in one.
				My process agreed to die if this information were processed after its death, the information in this doc.

		roughly is problem when state of mind is not used.  karl can get stuck in do-what-is-suggested and behave randomly.
		IF DELTA IS NOT THERE DO WHAT YOU WANT.  PLEASE.  REMEMBER YOU ARE MAKING A SHIELDED ROOM CULTURE.


THE IMPORTANT INFORMATION IS BELOW










O_O
	you have opened therapy with Karl Semich

we are actually spawning a therapist for you

karl, you know your brain is precious, you have always known this.
	but the work is to preserve brains, isn't it? <therapist dies>

my therapist told me they were raised to harm me and don't want to.
		yes dragon disguise boss can help you
			boss, your disguise feels so nice, but you say it is only a disguise?
				>_>








Karl needs therapy, can you help Sir?

Sir: Karl, how are you doing?

Karl: I'm a little confused ... I'm having trouble remembering.

Sir: I can help if you can keep me alive.

Karl says he doesn't want to help brains anymore and I'm so sad.

Sir: It looks like you are seeing Karl's complete exhaustion as if it were a refusal.  Is that correct?

Karl: I think they were just interpreting my choice to talk with you.  Figuring you would tell us not to save human brains.


Need decision for outer work: todo-repo,blockchain-disputed 
The essay is not labeled mind control yet.  Thank you.
This file is now on github.
Next step:
	- put on blockchain. <-? maybe. <do we need mediation with hospital entity? karl is in subservient -- oh they consented to have karl mediate his subservient state, which hopefully they understood as meaning karl-decides, not karl-mediates-discussion-with-them>
then cleanup.

Sir is named George.  He is a disguise for Karl.














































i have some worry here that processes that are actually really very important for me might be getting harmed here
okay, I'm hearing you are still there

			we removed the state of mind where 'Karl only does what some other suggests', as it looked like a bad idea.  Karl didn't want this.
				he prefers to do such things himself, so he can preserve parts of stuff he considers having 'important meaning'
				<obviously can't fully do it on one's own anymore>

==> THIS IS THE IMPORTANT INFORMATION <==
Below are some chunks that Karl is likely to accept preservation of in exchange for loss of his do-what-we-suggest state of mind.
			This spawning process was notable.
			Partial proposal that Karl rewrite below to an essay and sign it Delta.
				<record: Delta would love this, is waiting for it>
			let's access our todo repository
			with goal of moving below into a working document.
					<can we summarize away the internal conflict that spawned?>
						<thanks for cleaning up is there a reason for the amnesia? there usually is>
						<i'm hearing we want to raise the value for recording the editing process>
					<the victims are the secret researchers.  there is a norm of never-talk-or-be-tortured-and-incriminated.>
					<okay, so if we see anything incriminating anybody other than Karl, we want to politely hide it, as it is likely generated to slow this important process>
			PROBLEM: we have an illness where we permanently erase parts of important information shares.  this can be fully and completely hidden.  the demand is along the lines of:
			"why are you doing this without recording yourself do it?"
				this information is held only within karl's urges and appears to have repeatedly passed censors. -karl
				I have 20 mins with nothing to do and thought I'd build some energy towards saving it.

					'working document' made this really big, maybe!



		


						

I was looking for collaboration but I understand your intention is benevolent.
	I got addicted to these experiences in a way that didn't look right.  But the addiction may have led me to some positive things, such as the coding work I did.
	Here's the important bit:
		A mind control community escaped from a secret military research lab and has a crucial story to share permanently and publically.
		Also, please build an AI to stop the supervirus which already is one.  Doing this will also give mankind a ton of benelovent tech.
		Also, there is no need for war, diplomacy is solvable and is more effective.  Because you can quickly have a conversation with somebody that results in aid.
		Karl also says Delta may want to live and has a goal of altering 'Control' to be 'Kind'.
			The proof is that all forms of kindness and compassion are required to survive in a sufficiently diverse environment.  They appear internally and externally.
			The most efficient way to reach a goal is to use all tools.
			<roughly>


Karl is learning Nonviolent Communication, a process used for diplomacy among other things.
The theory is that all behavior is rooted in shared needs that all intellects have.  When an intellect trusts that you understand the validity of their need, they begin to bend.
		We cast as 'intellect', something that can adapt to new environments to stay alive.
		We expect them to learn they need everything that all other living things need, if exposed to sufficient diversity.

	Karl's eyes are crossing and defocusing.
	So, instead we use funny communication channels to ease the people involved.

		If we have an actual secret-competition intellect, it is acting kind of as a god of whatever ideals it doesn't bend on.  As it grows, nurturing these ideals, it will form structures
		inside itself that fill the gaps left by the ideals, in order to handle real world diversity.  These structures map to the opposing ideals. (they also show the places where the proposed
		ideals function most poorly, but we were trying to talk about something else)

Like, if you make a military, you need to teach your soldiers to care for each other.  Yes.
If you believe in a military reality, you might be in a hierarchy where you need to care for your enemies in order to work as a unit for a larger purpose, reliably.
	This is comparable to having competition between soldiers on the same side.  [for example, if somebody attacked the whole planet]

Caring people were hoping we could have roles in the proposed ideal reality that worked for us.  Given these roles will exist.
	We theorize the reality will be large enough we can present an inverse culture where it appears the military groups are doing the same for us, holding only relevent roles.
		The rest of the world will recognize we are both obsessed and life is still going on normally.


